Villager Vole
Oh hey there, wizard friend! Press 'Space' to continue.
You've been gone a while, a lot has changed. 
Let's get you warmed up again: use your 'A' key and 'D' key to MOVE, and 'Space' or 'W' to JUMP!
Maybe you can figure out what's going on...

Villager Vole
This is a large jump, too large for just your legs. 
I heard that there's a special type of leaf that launches you!
LEAF LAUNCH yourself by holding 'Shift' and aiming your cursor in the direction to LAUNCH.
Be ready, make sure you've positioned everything well before pressing 'Space' to LAUNCH!
Oh, one more thing. 
Beware of the Blobs... they aren't from around here and hurt one of my friends. 
Maybe you'll have better luck with them.

Villager Vole
There are many of these grains lying around, each doing something different. 
This one can GROW a cornstalk if you water it everyday and check back in three months.
I'm KIDDING, only we have to do that! Oh, you should've seen the look on your face! 
A magical wizard like you only has to press 'E' to aim the seed and 'Left Click' to throw the seed. 
A cornstalk will GROW in its place!

Villager Vole
This is another grain, and is similar to GROW. 
Use POP'N'LOCK by pressing 'Q' to aim and 'Left Click to throw. 
A heavy kernel like this can be used for many things, and can even get a little Pushy... You may want to cover your ears when it POPS!

Mayor Vole
Welcome to Volesville, where most of us live. 
Seems like the shops are closed right now, come back later to buy upgrades.
In the meantime, the Surface may need some gardening help, those pesky Blobs are infectious and messy.

Outcast Vole
Oh... hey.
What am I doing alone out here?
Well... I don't like socializing.
Please leave.

Tinfoil Hat Vole
It's up there... on the surface... I seent it!
What am I talking about??? The big FARMA of course!!!
That's code for Freaky Anthropomorphic Rabid Monstrous Abomination.
I don't even know what half those words mean but I know they ain't good.
And I know these "dangerous blobs" are just a ploy to distract from the true threat.
Keep your eyes peeled friend, and trust NO ONE!
Also I have no clue how to get that corn seed...

Kid Vole
Hiya wizard!
Have you seen my buddy fuzzton?
He said he was gonna go lick one of those blobby guys yesterday.
I haven't seen him since...